---
description: "Our Team is Fully Dedicated to:  Translating\_Ideas into Entertaining TV Commercials, Promo Videos,\_Web Commercials, Photography, or Web-sites Develop your Uniqu"
author: []
datePublished: '2016-01-17T18:54:50.460Z'
publisher:
  domain: www.araizcondoy.com
  name: araizcondoy.com
dateModified: '2016-01-17T18:54:29.220Z'
title: ''
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-17-our-team-is-fully-dedicated-to-translating-ideas-into-ente.md
published: true
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
url: our-team-is-fully-dedicated-to-translating-ideas-into-ente/index.html
_context: 'http://schema.org'
_type: Article

---
Our Team is Fully Dedicated to: Translating Ideas into Entertaining TV Commercials, Promo Videos, Web Commercials, Photography, or Web-sites Develop your Unique Brand & Identity Deliver your Message and Tell your Story  Create Exceptional Content on Time and on Budget Make you stand-out from your Competitors What We Do Araiz Condoy Productions operates as a full service boutique advertising agency producing in-house creative film, video promotions, photography, and web-site design throughout México and worldwide for companies and individuals. Lets work on your Marketing Strategy together and Build your Brand. Video Production Services: Aerial Videography Camera Crew Concept Development Creative Direction Storyboards Location Scouting Project Management Post-Production Services: Color Correction Music Scoring Video Editing  Video Finishing Video SEO Web-site Design Services: Custom Photography Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Social Media Marketing Pay Per Click Marketing Logo Design Website Security (SSL Certificates and Malware Protection) Web-site Support & Maintenance If you have a product to launch, an image to build, a vision to share, or a story to tell, give us a call. Leisure & Destination Travel Markets Destination Marketing builds awareness, familiarity and relationships in commercial networks that are critical in attracting tourism. 62% of leisure travelers and 74% of business travelers will want to see a video before they make a final decision (Frederic Gonzalo) 62% of travelers watched an online video or commented on an online video as they were searching for activities that were available at their particular destination (Frederic Gonzalo) 45% of leisure travelers booked instantly after watching a video of the travel activity (Google) 72% of business travelers and 74% of affluent travelers booked upon watching a video (Google) 62% of travelers want to watch videos of tours, sightseeing and cruises (as well as hotel rooms and properties, airlines) (Google)                          Weddings You may be thinking wedding photos and a video are overkill, but trust us, you will want both.  We specialize in destination wedding videos throughout Mexico.  We create a personalized, handcrafted film for each and every one of our clients, so look around and see if what we do inspires you.   There's nothing like having a wedding video to capture: The details & to tell your love story People's faces/expressions Your vows Things that you might miss during the day as a busy bride and that you don't necessarily get captured in even the best quality of photos.  Real Estate Video marketing is a much-needed step in the right direction for real estate marketing. Research from Google and the National Association of Realtors shows that 89% of home buyers use mobile devices to research real estate -- even when they're sitting at home.  Realtors spend a median of 44% of their time conducting business via mobile devices. Our marketing solutions include: Aerial Footage Custom Videos for Premium Listings Featured Neighborhood Videos Agent Video Bios Broker Promotional Videos Promo & Web Commercials Need to produce a persuasive promo video, web commericial, or advertising campaign? Videography services go beyond what television commercials and the ordinary internet can do. More and more businesses are utilizing video production services to motivate audiences to learn more about their brand, and to create interest and buzz.   Watching online videos is now a mainstream activity. 78% of people watch at least once a week and 55% watch everyday 80% of Internet users recall watching a video ad on a website they visited in the past 30 days; 46% took some action after viewing the ad (Online Publishers Association) Video promotion is over 6 times more effective than print and online (b2bmarketing.net) Dr. James McQuivey of Forrester Research says a minute of video is worth 1.8 million word 200% to 300% increase in click through rate when businesses include video in an email (Forrester) We approach each project as an opportunity to empower that brand and to make it stand apart from the competition.